# Xenoblade-Chronicles-2-Buffed-Edition
A mod for Xenoblade Chronicles 2 that buffs many aspects of the main game - Blades, Battle Skills, Deeds, etc.

This modified common.bdat file includes a significant number of changes from the base game - compiled from numerous edits and re-edits over an extensive period of time.
Some of these alterations include Blades all having three Aux Core slots (putting them all on a much more level playing field, instead of some being unfairly handicapped by being one-slotters or two-slotters), almost every Blade having different Blade Skill effects, Blades having a very short (if not immediate, at S+ Trust) cooldown, Deed effects being increased, Overdrive Protocols now being sold in Argentum Trade Guild for a pretty penny, Core Crystal resonance being improved (each Blade that can be pulled now has a roughly-equal chance of being selected, and Legendary Core Crystals should be buffed immensely), poison floors not damaging as often, max Affinity in combat giving more Trust, and more changes besides.
Oh, and the enemies in Tiger! Tiger! no longer move, and the non-Custom difficulties have been tweaked too - mostly in response to expansion-pass-T:TGC blocking Custom outside of New Game +. By that, I mean enemies have increased health on Normal, so mobs won't die early whilst working on those "do 15 Lv 3 Specials" or "take 20 critical hits" Blade Affinity Chart nodes and whatnot.
To be honest, not even I remember everything I've changed - unfortunately, the one thing I haven't been able to figure out, but would love to change, is how to modify Coffee-with-Milk's timer (and final-party-member's ultimate skill timer - the EoSJ, only available in NG+ - for that matter). If anyone ever figures that out, and somehow stumbles onto this mod, please tell me!

If you'd like to change anything yourselves, this data dump (https://xenoblade.github.io/xb2/) is exceedingly useful, since it contains everything within common.bdat but provides English names instead of Japanese, and shows how things are interconnected via links to other tables. As for how to mod Xenoblade Chronicles 2 in the first place, this GameBanana tutorial (https://gamebanana.com/tuts/13815) should be quite informative.
(oh, and it's not initially clear at all which table includes Affinity effects - it's BTL_Kizuna)
